[Music]
welcome to my unboxing of a product that
you probably will not be able to figure
out what it is at all if I don't show
you this this text right here so like on
the front there's like okay we're going
to try and figure out what all this
stuff is so there's a sword handcuffs
sigh like a hammer war hammer another
sword another more different sword like
a fighter plane a tank a bazooka a
sniper rifle a rocket launcher a bullpup
three grenades a stealth fighter or
bomber bomber sorry sorry a helicopter
like friggin like missiles like on a
boat or something like they're on a boat
a boat a submarine another more
different boat a different tank a
different fighter a sword a sword an axe
a grenade a sigh and another short it is
a gaming keyboard intended for all these
different purposes it's gonna be
handcuffs what game is bulbs handcuffs
so let's have a look at all the
different things that we have on the box
two ways cord out so you can actually
manage your cables durable braided
cotton corn corn cord cotton corn cotton
candy candy corn gold plated USB
connector LED backlight elimination with
on/off switch twin USB 2.0 ports on the
two sides you know what let's actually
get the keyboard open because that way I
can show you all these features on the
keyboard itself as we go which is a
sensible way to do unboxings sometimes
unboxers on the youtubes they like oh
this is the black version it's available
in red and yellow sometimes unboxers on
the youtubes they just like take forever
to actually get the product out of the
out of the box and I know I'm guilty of
that at times at times I'm the worst
about that but whatever you make an
unboxing channel BAM okay
key remover tool these are really handy
if you have to remove your keys then
you'll have one replacement WASD keys
okay I'm sure we'll find out why when we
look closer at the box there's the
braided cord looks very nice gold
plating in there which is valuable gold
plating out here which doesn't do a
whole lot
remember gold plating is good for good
for connectivity not necessarily
conductivity silver plating would
actually be better for conductivity
incidentally so would copper I believe
but gold is malleable and it is also
very resistant to corrosion so no matter
how long the gold-plated connector sits
around it will never corrode and it will
always make a contact also makes it able
to do more plugs than unplug
look at that I haven't seen a keyboard
cover in a while there's a DVD that you
should probably ignore put the latest
from gigabyte in terms of software here
we go I haven't seen a keyboard cover
like but like a dust cover like this in
a long time check that out very nice
once again use protection very good in
fact oh look at that you can even leave
it on I remember these the ones that you
just like left on and use the keyboard
so you don't get like you know like like
cheesy cheese in between the keys which
is really hard to get out you know like
Cheetos when you use the when you eat
Cheetos and then you use your keyboard
right away you can get like the bit the
crumbs like stuck around in your fingers
and then you type and it knocks it into
the keyboard it's really hard to get it
out so this is I mean this is a problem
any gamers face so I'm glad that
gigabyte has engineered a solution to
this excellent okay what do we got G
Keys programmable keys with an
indentation on there not an indentation
a bump on this one so you can easily
feel which is which that's very nice
three modes for the G keys we've also
got mute and yeah we're gonna have to
figure out what those are ahem
touch and slide volume control sweet
interruption free volume control device
during engaged gaming activity computer
stays in current mode without going in
and out of games keep the sensor on the
far left or the far right volume will
increase or decrease linearly very cool
very cool indeed ghost macro engine
macro Keys per mode to make up to 25
sets of macros with a total of five
modes change modes easily with mode
button on the keyboard we already saw
that one for megabit onboard memory
enables up to Hot 100 programmable macro
sets predefined cue button to switch
between easily software features easy to
use drag and drop function as you guys
know gaming keyboards often come down to
the software now this is unique this I
actually want to like sort of see see
what I think of ok you know what I can't
I can't actually feel that much of a
difference when typing but gigabyte has
specifically engineered the keyboard to
have different force required for
different keys on the keyboard so the
lightest keys are your shifts your Z and
X all these ones that you have to hit
with your pinky while you're gaming your
heaviest keys are your space your
control your WASD and your top four
number keys which you're usually mashing
with a ring finger or a middle finger or
an index finger whichever the case may
be your medium keys are sort of most of
your typing stuff so whether this makes
that much of a difference for gaming
hard to say but there you go at least
they're thinking about it xx
anti-ghosting keys so press up to 20 of
these at a time without any ghosting so
if you guys know what ghosting means
ghosting occurs when you press two keys
and then it registers off like a third
random keystroke it usually happens with
more than two though it's for like five
or six at a time so most people don't
have more than like six keys mashed at a
given time unless they use their face to
type but hey there it is gift silicon
keyboard protector and additional WASD
alternatives so I guess these are like
oh nice they have like a soft touch feel
like huh that's kind of neat so they
feel a little bit different so I guess
you can find them more easily so let's
have a look at the rest solution i'm
lock light caps lock light scroll lock
light there's your mute more buttons so
membrane keyboard so the key switches
aren't really anything to write home
about although what they've done with
the different elastic force there's
going to be sort of AI people who either
love it or hate it
a kind of feature there you go
membrane Keys click that back cover up
the membrane um the wrist rest on this
is actually fairly unique I've only seen
one other keyboard and like a gaming
keyboard that has a wrist rest like this
and that's the SteelSeries 7g and my
wife actually uses a 7g and refuses to
use any other keyboard not because she
particularly likes the feel of the keys
and the typing experience because but
because she loves the big wrist rest and
yeah it's it's actually it's one of
those things once again you love it or
you hate it but if you love it then well
love it and it's good here we have the
cable management stuff so you can either
come out in the middle or on the side we
also have flip stents with rubber grip
thumb this side so you can and rubber
grips on this side so it's not going to
move anywhere you got actually lots of
little rubber grippy miss all over the
keypad all over the keyboard this is
awesome look at this this is actually
screwed on
instead of using cheesy plastic Clips
okay how many of you out there on a g15
how many of you out there broke the
wrist rest off your g15 I did loves I
didn't even know this but slick just put
up his hand because it was cheesy and it
used little horrible plastic clips this
is amazing this is engineering a
solution to a problem that people have
very good job gigabyte um so I think
that pretty much covers it thank you for
checking out my unboxing and first look
at the a via from gigabyte oh yeah
incidentally there's a couple more USB
ports here they have rubber plugs in
them there oh no sorry back here and
here so you can plug in your mouse or
like a USB Drive nothing oh there's your
light on and off switch for the
backlight and I'm just heading this way
so that I can plug in the keyboard so it
doesn't have to follow me and just look
at the keyboard so that we can see the
backlight or make sure oh it's on yeah
okay give me a sec any sec you've got a
log of lights on in here select you want
to have a look at the light actually no
there man you'll see our horrible CEDIA
so I'm just going to turn the lights
down so you guys can see the red
backlight on this black keyboard so
thank you for checking out my unboxing
and first look at the inverse gigabyte
gaming keyboard don't forget to
subscribe to Linus tech tips from
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos and don't forget you can also
follow me on Twitter now at Linus tech